okay okay so we're gonna go okay which
one is the second one so it's this the
female man this the FEMA one is blue
watch that on the side actually could
you say use a small move that would show
us that's what I would laugh
they probably beat my ass
so what if you accidentally take it out
I'm not going to take it out I'm not
gonna take it out
this game idea
hey doors we don't like it shiny called
shiny
Cesar's trying to determine the students
I know which one it is
okay it's the female in the minute I
don't get a horde battle
they will only once in the boxer
anyway
it was guy comes in he was
but then he got like Jonah
and he goes the microwave in there like
wave would be Layton I'm telling him
shouldn't
baby I will make a follow-up video after
they be Wed
baby doll babies all eyes it's a
priority attack learn this is biggest
targets back in a way so it's like a
quick attack